Hey, guys, what's up?
This is a marathon, and I welcome you to another tutorial on this course on Ruby.
And in this story, we will start on with the introduction to strength.
So basically, what is a string?
A string is basically a sequence of one or more characters that may contain letters, numbers and symbols.
Strings in Ruby are objects.
And unlike other programming languages, strings are immutable, which means they can be changed in
a certain place.
Instead of creating new strings, you'll strings in almost every program you write strings, let you
display and communicate with your user using text.
In fact, whatever you are going to code, it will have something which you will be displaying as it
is on your atom or other.
So strings are one of the most important fundamentals of programming.
In this section, you learn how to work with strings in Ruby.
You will create string, display them on the screen, stored them in variables, join multiple strings
together and learn how to handle special characters such as new lines, apostrophes and double codes
and many other important things that are surely related to strengths.
So that was a brief introduction to what our strengths and what is their purpose in Ruby programming
language.
So I guess that to do with this tutorial.
Thank you so much, guys, for watching.
I'll see you guys in the next tutorial.